I feel like we can't stop talking about
Joe Rogan here but he keeps giving us an
excuse cream yeah it's pretty good
yesterday he actually shattered us out
on the show he said that we have a
fantastic show it's on YouTube you
should listen to the hill along with
friends powell kolinsky and jimmy dore
of the show couldn't recommend that
enough but this isn't just a vein
segment but the most important thing we
should talk about here is what he said
after that which is that he was saying
you know he's comparing Joe's mom called
him and said I heard he was a trump
supporter now and yes Joe if you're
watching this it is true the president
United States did retweet a clip view
seeming that I saw that what Joe was
saying was he said look I you know I'm a
moron I don't know anything I just don't
want to vote for a guy who he says he
believes is in clear mental decline and
I think what's so important and what
we've talked about here before is that
instead of shaming Joe Rogan the way
that they've said oh he's a Transpo of
all the south so you should instead
understand that this man has the largest
podcast online platform in the entire
world and then you should say if this
person who millions of people take cues
from on culture on fighting on comedy on
this who seemingly has his pulse enough
so that millions are willing to tune
into him for three hours talking about
chimps will say yeah I'm gonna I might
have the same feeling about that and
that is something that people just
absolutely refuse to grapple with I saw
the same thing like Media Matters and
these people were saying prepare for
buckle up nine months of talking about
the lie that Joe Biden is in cognitive
decline now first of all calling it a
lie and making it turning an explicitly
political is ridiculous because again
this is something which is not out of
balance for average people who just
watch politics and again I'm not willing
to grapple with that that's when people
feel gas-lit and they feel like you know
what media is lying to me they're not
telling me what's going on here and if
they can't even tell you the most basic
truths about that after they've spent
all this time o Trump has heart disease
his doctors are lying he's overweight
he's obese look at him whatever
they brought on the body language of the
body German weather birdie was lying
there Bernie was climbing I can I
actually I think I called that on our
live stream I was like wait for body
language experts to come in and it
actually happened so the same media
which has done all of this ridiculous BS
for so long and then they can't talk
about Joe Biden having a difficulty
completing sentences difficulty doing
television hits without reading from his
notes yeah you know seemingly out of it
stopping sentences in the middle of in
the middle of a break if you cannot do
that you are a liar I think Joe sees
that part of the reason why people like
his platform is the authenticity of it
and again of course they just smeared
him saying oh we tried to tell you about
Joe Roca and all this other idiocy no I
Larry as if it's about Joe and not about
their own failings always it's exactly
what the media always does look you
don't have to diagnose Joe Biden with
this conditioner that conditioner Donald
Trump either but you can just evaluate
for yourself
his ability to articulate himself
clearly and coherently and be able to
hold multiple thoughts in his head and
express them in a way that makes sense
to that listener look just evaluate that
which is what's Joe Joe's doing it's
funny how Joe always says to like I am
NOT a political expert don't get your
politics advice from me right I'm not
that guy but the reality is whether he
likes it or not and likes having that
responsibility or not a lot of people do
to look to him and do respect him and do
listen to his opinion why not because
he's an expert but because he's honest
because he is honest with people about
what he's actual actually thinking and
he's free no one owns it so he can say
whatever he wants to say and he doesn't
have to worry about you know all the
canceled moms that have already come
from him he's doing just fine in spite
of them so he says he said in this in
this interview said the Democrats are
making a horrible horrible mistake
not because I'm a Biden hater I wish him
nothing but the best but I actually just
think it's wrong that they would
effectively prop up this guy who clearly
is not at his peak and I think that is a
lot of people evaluate where we are
right now especially in a crisis
situation where it's not enough just to
have like a warm body there that you
feel fondly towards you
actually need someone who's going to be
able to lead the country out of a
massive recession if not depression out
of a massive health public health crisis
that we're facing right now you need
someone who's actually going to be able
in mind and body to be able to do that
and I think a lot of Americans not just
joe rogan are having a lot of questions
about the course and you know what the
media knows this is legitimate because
anytime it's a Republican or an
anti-establishment Democrat they are
willing to do it how am i laughter you
guys hear about your Bernie's heart
attack heart attack heart attack heart
attack yeah John McCain when he was
running in 2008 remember all those
things the age oh all this is happening
you know the stress of the job then
Sarah painting the house record Andy the
health records I mean this would be
covered with Trump I mean God my very
first White House briefing was with that
doctor and I'll never forget it because
watching watching all the company like
what about his blood pressure and then
Sanjay Gupta coming up afterwards mokou
the crib there clearly lying about his
heart disease I mean it's just it was
sheer insanity I have never very first
one very first but you guys can look it
up my first first appearance on national
television was asking a doctor about
Trump's health records that's incredible
there you go Wow so I'm like I'm
thinking and I'm looking over this and
the same thing with Biden is when
because people again are not stupid they
see it with McCain they see it with
Trump they see it with Bernie they see
it with every other politician and then
the one person who is now the Democratic
nominee for president United States they
won't talk about that that's it that is
exactly what they say they look at they
say this is corrupt this is a cover-up
this is they're clearly playing for the
team they're not honest actors and
that's the issue right and it's a very
common media tactic to basically pare in
the bounds of what you're allowed to
talk about like you can't say that you
can't think about you can't ask those
questions that you're not allowed to go
there which is exactly why so many
people turn to people like Joe and
hopefully turn into this tune into this
show because there they object to the
narrow bounded you know conversation
that is permitted within cable news and
those bounds as you're pointing out
always change depending on who and what
and when they're talking about whether
it's one of their favorite candidates or
it's a candidate who's on the outs
definitely determines the bounds of that
conversation yes the bounds of the
conversation and again I mean it's just
so crazy to me that they are dismissing
so much and this brings us back to a
conversation we had earlier in the show
which was about Bernie and left media
they're like they're like you know this
was a box piece in which they basically
said they look Bernie my campaign for
Biden but left media is probably not
going to forgive him or we'll have very
hard times and I saw that the way they
were writing and has an indictment of
left media or of even independent media
yeah but really what it is is just
independent people free of the
strictures of corporate media and don't
have to play these games are willing to
tell the truth and have told the truth
for some time some of them happen to
align with Bernie some of them happen to
align with whomever they have used these
platforms are true to their viewers
because they tell the truth that's
really drill because they're willing to
play for one team and then cynically
look Bernie's a politician he has to go
flak for Biden but that doesn't mean
that the people who necessarily had
backed him need to do so whenever the
election comes around that's a that's a
very good point people should read that
piece by the way it's interesting just
the way that it's framed out but yeah if
you're gonna be in cable news you can
either be for Trump
or you can be for Biden and anti-trump
they kept their heads there can't be
anything outside of like those two lanes
are you red or are you blue are you blue
or are you red that's it that's as far
as we're willing to go so so yeah it's
it's actually an indictment of the cable
news of mainstream media that they limit
those themselves to those buckets rather
than an indictment of alternative media
which has a broader viewpoint I mean
something we try to do on the show is
include the full range of about the
ideological spectrum not just like a
cherry-pick narrow lane that we happen
to agree with something that the
mainstream will never feel comfortable
doing it's funny yeah people who I vote
so I do you have socialists on the show
I'm like well we have pretty far right
people on this show too so I'm like you
know what you actually get to see
everybody the full spectrum of American
conversation and of politics and that is
what people actually value not just
fealty to a single yeah because you have
to deal with the reality of the argument
rather than your caricatured reality of
that there you go thanks for the
shoutout Jonah preached thank you Joe a
lot more rising for you after this